Improve documentation on @Execution annotation usage for parallel test execution (#4525)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/writing-tests.adoc

concurrently if the `@Execution(CONCURRENT)` annotation is present on the test class or
method.

You can use the `@Execution` annotation to explicitly configure the execution mode for a
test class or method:

[source,java]
----
include::{testDir}/example/ExplicitExecutionModeDemo.java[]
----

> This allows test classes or methods to opt-in to parallel execution even when the default is `same_thread`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows test classes or methods to opt in or out of parallel execution regardless of
the globally configured default.
```

concurrently if the `@Execution(CONCURRENT)` annotation is present on the test class or
method.

You can use the `@Execution` annotation to explicitly configure the execution mode for a
test class or method:

[source,java]
----
include::{testDir}/example/ExplicitExecutionModeDemo.java[]
----

> This allows test classes or methods to opt in or out of parallel execution regardless of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows test classes or methods to opt in or out of concurrent execution regardless of
```
